Look at the hand, something very cool is coming.
See how many people are getting this coolness on their hands.
Modi, raise the hands. Those people in whose hands the cold has come, raise your hands.
In the hand, those who have felt this cool-cool thing, raise your hands.
So many people! Now, those people who have not yet received it, for them, we will do the hard work here.
As for the speech, it is that I have become exhausted giving speeches.
For information about Sahaja Yoga, you have the books.
Please take them from here and read about it, and understand what Self-Realization is.
This is a very subtle thing. Once it has happened, one must stabilize it.
We have come as far as your Borivali. You also now please bring your presence to Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan on Monday.
One has to do a little hard work to stabilize oneself. To get realization is easy.
Even with music, a man gets realization. Now, what is this self Realisation? What are the benefits?
How should it be stabilized? For all these things, there is a center in your Borivali also, and here also—which day is the program, Modi?
Yes, every Friday... where? Yes, Cooperative.
Everyone has heard- In Swastik Cooperative Society, give them the address.
Every Friday there is a program, you people go there.
If you have any disease, that will also be cured. You will also get Self Realization.
And those who are realized, it will be explained to them what this thing is.
Many people think that once they have come to Mataji, the work is done, and after Self Realization." , they should just sit down. That is not the point.
for self realization, you have to settle (jamna). This is a very subtle event happening inside us.
This is also a very heavy grace of the Almighty,
because of which it happens.
Ordinarily, this did not happen at all.
But there is some miracle (karamat) in us, because of that it is happening.
Yesterday I told you that among the powers within us,
there is one power that connects us with the Almighty.
The name of that power is Kundalini. She is in our spinal cord, in the triangular bone.
She remains in a dormant state. When she sees that some 'Authority' (Adhikari) is standing before her..
...then she stands up on her own. Just as we connect this rope or this connection to the 'mains'...
...in the same way, that power joins us to that 'mains' and relates us to God.
In this way, we know our Spirit (Atma). Spirit means we start seeing what faults are within us.
Meaning, which defects are in our chakras and which defects are in the chakras of others.
Through this, extreme peace descends within. Man’s life starts moving on a completely different level.
This is what is to be gained by man; there is nothing else to be gained.
In Sanskrit it was said.. Tvam ekam sharanyam, tvam ekam varenyam.'You are the only refuge, you are the only one to be chosen.'
In the world, there is only the gaining of the Almighty through the Spirit.
Nothing else is worth gaining. Once the nectar is gained, the joy starts coming.
Then all things of the world seem to have no fun in them. But only then does a man become a 'human being'.
And all his qualities become specially fragrant,
and from that fragrance, the whole atmosphere becomes perfumed.
And in that, it feels that 'until today, I did not know this life at all.' All these blossoms, we had never seen.
This new life, we did not know. This thing is very necessary for everyone.
Otherwise, the world cannot be saved. The whole world is sinking today, you know.
There is only one way to save it: that man changes completely from within. And that happens only through Sahaja Yoga.
Therefore, my request to you is that you do not have to spend any money for this. You do not have to take any trouble for this.
Only to enter into Sahaja Yoga, you have to give a little time. Do not waste your time here and there.
It is a very important thing because we are explaining to you, telling you, and giving Self Realization to you.
We are working hard on you. We are removing your dilemmas and we are pulling out your diseases.
In every way, a very heavy revolution—which should be called a Revolution—which has never happened until today, that is our idea to do.
Because of which, a complete change comes within us. We become a very contented being and a peaceful Witness.
This is a great task. And to do this work, all you need is a little patience (sabur). With that patience, this work can happen.
Through this, all the religious imaginations of the world, whatever superstitions are within us, all those wrong things we found—all those things drop away.
Not only this, but the God about whom we have disbelief... and we think that our 'progress' (unnati) should happen...
...but we only think of 'material' progress—that we should have ten cars, ten vehicles, etc.
All those wrong things we think—we get freedom from all of them.
Why? Who is it?
We should be completely discharged from all these things. And that 'freedom' (chutti)... yes?
This is all a tamasha (spectacle). What can be done? Women have a habit of making a spectacle.
What kind of fit is it? It is a 'fit' of epilepsy.
Take them out. They are making a useless spectacle. Who is here?
She has such a 'good' fit. It is epilepsy.
What kind of fit is it? It is an obstruction (badha). For how many years? Then what is the need for her to come here? You are a very useless woman
There is no need to bring all the sick. Come on, take her out.
Then what is the need for her to come here? You are a very useless woman.
Except for gathering all the sick, she has no other business.
These are all signs of bhuts (ghosts). She has been getting fits for fifteen years. Bring her and sit her on Mataji’s head (khopri).
Does anyone seek God, or are you just gathering all the sick of the world for me?
These bhuts will come here only to harass everyone. These are all ghosts, symptoms of ghosts.
They won't do their own good deeds; they will have to suffer the consequences.
There should be some limit. Whenever you see a sick person, you pick them up and bring them.
For fifteen years she is getting fits. Okay. Her treatment can happen.
I have said a hundred times that there is no need to bring the sick.
I will do the treatment. But they bring all the sick and keep them on my head.
Now, what is the use even if we make them 'wrestlers' (pahlwans)?
What will I do even after fixing their health? Tell me that. Why should God even fix them?
He also has some thinking—to fix a man who will do His work.
This is her constant habit. At least a hundred people this woman has brought like this.
And I fixed all hundred people. Now she has brought another one. This is her habit.
Come on, take them away now. A person who has been getting fits for fifteen years—if she gets a fit in front of me, what else will happen?
Those who are possessed by bhuts, they only get ghosts on them with me. Coming here, they start shaking like this.
Come on, let her get up. Let it be, let it be. Let her stay. Let it be.
Let her get well, then take her.
This is all because of bhuts. This getting of fits—these are all symptoms of bhuts.
So, let her be okay. What can she do about it?
(speaking with sahaja yogis)
Modi, Modi, you come... they bring all the trouble and put it on my head.
You yourself think, why should we fix them?
They have brought at least a hundred people to my head so far. A hundred people, this woman.
And I fixed a hundred people and left them. But what has this woman done?
Close the door. Close the door.
And she always does the same kind of work. This is exactly the symptom of bhuts.
Shall I close the door? Shall I close the door?
Close the door, son. Please close the door.
I have said a hundred times, those who are attacked by bhuts, do not bring them here. This is the time for meditation (dhyan).
Everyone has come here to meditate. They did not come to 'get Self Realization' such people.
The kingdom of Satan moves in the world.
(background chatter)
A hundred people... and I told a hundred times that you should not bring anyone.
Father’s debt (baap karza).
There you saw—the saint is a saint. A saint should fix everyone. This is a 'good' account!
A saint should eat everyone's shoes. He should be put on a cross. He should be killed.
No matter how much we hit him, he should not say anything. 'Beware' of speaking!
If anyone touches a saint, then see—I will fix them and keep them. Those days are gone.
Give poison to the saints. Beat the saints, kill them, make their condition miserable. And the saint should not speak a single word!
What is this? You have created a spectacle for me. Tell me, have you or haven't you? Now you tell me, how many of your people have I fixed?
I have taken a contract for these people's fathers!
Let her get up. She will be fine on her own.
She will get up, she will get up. Leave her, leave her. She will get up by herself.
She has been getting them for fifteen years—it is not a new thing.
Let her get up.
Let it be, don't you worry about her.
I say here a hundred times—do not bring bhuts-affected people. They come and start dancing like this in front of me.
And then everyone goes and touches their feet like idiots.
What? Who is talking? Come here and talk to me. What are you talking? Who is talking?
Who is speaking here? If its heart attack I would have saved her.
(music/bhajan) Today Mother has come to my house. O Mother, today you have come to my house.
Today Mother has come, Power has come to my house,
and I am full of joy (Anand).
My heart and all my body, and mind, and all my money and property—everything I give.
Victory to Immaculate Mother (Jai Nirmal Mata Di). Victory to Nirmal. Mother, give everyone Your blessings. Give everyone Your blessings.
How many incarnations have You taken? O Mother, how many incarnations have You taken?
Today Mother has come to my house. O Mother, today you have come to my house. Today Mother has come, Power has come to my house, and I am full of joy (Anand). My heart and all my body, and mind, and all my money and property—everything I give.
One bhajan. One 'Hari Om'.
Hari Om. Hari Om.
Sabko dua dena (Aarti)
(Mahamantras)